README.md, before:

# Hang In There

A boilerplate repo. 

## Set Up

1. One teammate: fork this repository
2. Clone down your new, forked repo
3. cd into the repository
4. Open it in your text editor
5. Add all project partners and your assigned instructor as collaborators on the repository

Project spec & rubric can be found [here](https://frontend.turing.edu/projects/module-1/hang-in-there.html)

To view your project:

1. In your terminal, navigate to your project repo
2. Run the command `open index.html`
  
______________________________________________________  
# README Template  
Before turning this project in, erase this line and everything above it and fill in the info below.  
______________________________________________________  

# Hang in There  

### Abstract:
[//]: <> (Briefly describe what you built and its features. What problem is the app solving? How does this application solve that problem?)

### Installation Instructions:
[//]: <> (What steps does a person have to take to get your app cloned down and running?)

### Preview of App:
[//]: <> (Provide ONE gif or screenshot of your application - choose the "coolest" piece of functionality to show off.)

### Context:
[//]: <> (Give some context for the project here. How long did you have to work on it? How far into the Turing program are you?)

### Contributors:
[//]: <> (Who worked on this application? Link to their GitHubs.)

### Learning Goals:
[//]: <> (What were the learning goals of this project? What tech did you work with?)

### Wins + Challenges:
[//]: <> (What are 2-3 wins you have from this project? What were some challenges you faced - and how did you get over them?)

Commit message:

Update README file with responses

README.md, after:

# Hang in There  

### Abstract:
[//]: <> (Briefly describe what you built and its features. What problem is the app solving? How does this application solve that problem?)
- We added added functionality to motivational poster site that allowed the user to generate random poster configuration, save their favorite posters, view their saved posters and create their own posters with unique titles, quotes and images. The app provides instant access to motivational materials that get you thorough the day. It does so by allowing you to save posters that resonate with you as well as create personalized posters that you can refer back when feeling down.

### Installation Instructions:
[//]: <> (What steps does a person have to take to get your app cloned down and running?)
- The user must first create GitHub account: 
- Fork the following repository: https://github.com/jsahim/hang-in-there-pairs
- In terminal, they will need to run the following to clone down the GitHub repository:
    - git clone https://github.com/jsahim/hang-in-there-pairs
- Once the repository has been cloned to their local machine, they can open it in their preferred text editor

### Preview of App:
[//]: <> (Provide ONE gif or screenshot of your application - choose the "coolest" piece of functionality to show off.)
![Screen Shot 2022-10-23 at 2 02 32 AM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/107663888/197376736-2da93561-a2fb-4bf5-acf0-7c0604a5e477.png)

### Context:
[//]: <> (Give some context for the project here. How long did you have to work on it? How far into the Turing program are you?)
- We were provided 5 days to work on this project. We are almost mid-way through Mod 1. 

### Contributors:
[//]: <> (Who worked on this application? Link to their GitHubs.)
- Jeff Sahim: https://github.com/jsahim
- Sarah Hampton: https://github.com/SHampton22

### Learning Goals:
[//]: <> (What were the learning goals of this project? What tech did you work with?)
These were the provided learning goals and tech requirements:
- Write clean, DRY JavaScript
    - Use a provided class by creating object instances using the new keyword
    - Manipulate the page after it has loaded adding, removing, and updating elements on the DOM
- Begin to understand the connection between HTML, CSS and JavaScript
    - Practice reading, understanding, and using provided code
- Build an understanding of writing code collaboratively
    - Document changes with atomic commits & thorough code reviews
    - Communicate, troubleshoot, and plan effectively as a team

### Wins + Challenges:
[//]: <> (What are 2-3 wins you have from this project? What were some challenges you faced - and how did you get over them?)
- Wins:
    - We were able to collaborate effectively so that both teammates received equal learning opportunities.
    - This was the practical application of our newly develeping skills and we are able to see the fruits of our labors.
- Challenges:
    - Becoming proficient with time blocking - although we encountered this issue, we were ultimately able to enforce sufficient Poms and reasonable work durations.
    - Knowing when to advocate for ourselves - knowing when to advocate for our learning experience even at the detriment of project competition.
